>> Could we be living in
a computer simulation?
And who's controlling it?
Let's enter the Buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to Buzzsaw, where we
cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore
the hidden truths.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
And joining me today
is Billy Carson,
the founder of Forbidden
Knowledge on Instagram,
Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr.
Topics he covers range from the
ancient suppressed knowledge
to current events
of the present day.
Billy is a contributor
to Huffington Post
and has teamed up with the
top UFO hunters in the world
to form the United Family
of Anomaly Hunters.
Today, he teams up with us
to uncover hidden knowledge.
So, Billy, you're quite
entrepreneurial and looking
at your bio, it says that you
have a space travel company.
So I would start by asking
you, what does that mean
and what are you
actually working on?
>> Well, that's a good question.
Basically, we have
a space agency.
We don't have launch capability,
so we don't launch rockets.
But what people don't
realize is there's actually
a lot of space
agencies out there
that provide ancillary tools,
research, and development
for like SpaceX, NASA, and
the European Space Agency.
And one of the things
that we're doing
is we're specializing in
research and development
of alternative propulsion
systems and zero point energy
devices.
So we're really experimenting
in different ways
to get lifting of
vehicles off the ground
as well as being
able to transport
these vehicles with their own
internal energy power source.
And typically, what happens is
you go by usually by battery
power or recirculating energy.
We're actually going to
provide energy sources that
can extrapolate energy right out
of the atmosphere or our ether
basically as well as using
magnetic propulsion technology.
>> Yeah.
So and basically in zero point
energy and these theories
that you're working
with, are you
looking to certain theorists?
I would think of like
Tesla, for example,
or even potentially like even
like wormhole or stargate
technology, which
has been talked
about in the ancient past.
So are you looking to
the more recent past
or to the ancient past?
>> We've actually have gone
ancient, I mean super ancient,
all the way back to the
Mahabharata and the Bhagavad
Gita, which are some
ancient Indian texts.
In there, they
talk about Vimanas.
And in these Vimanas
were talked about
and written about that
actually had mercury engines
and were able to levitate and
fly silently across the land
and transport the kings and
elites from place to place.
So we actually looked
into that and said,
could this be possibly real?
And the more we looked
into it, the more
we found that it could
potentially be very, very
real theoretically.
So we started experimenting
with different concepts
of using mercury because
that's what they used.
And mercury is a ferrofluid.
It's actually a liquid metal.
So we discovered that by
putting this liquid metal
into a torus, which is a
steel torus with a reversed
magnetic field inside of it
to keep the actual ferrofluid
from touching the inside.
And then you actually can
bring it up to a rotation,
to an RPM of about 50,000.
Once you do that and then
pressurize that torus
to about 250,000
pressures, you then
get this amazing
anti-gravity bubble.
And what you get
complete anti-gravity
but you do get to reduce
the weight of an object
with anything within the
range of that torus field
will be reduced by up to
70%, the weight, the mass.
So these are some
of the theories
that we're experimenting with.
And we're very excited
about it because it really
looks like we'll be able
to provide something that
could potentially provide
anti-gravity or reduce
the mass of an object.
>> Mm-hmm.
So you see these companies
that are basically
working to privatize the
space endeavors, companies
like SpaceX and Virgin Galactic.
Do you think that
this is ultimately
a benefit for mankind's
initiative toward traveling
toward space?
Or will these
companies ultimately
just privatize the
gains and basically
keep them secret
from the public?
>> It's going to work
a little bit both ways.
Some of the technology,
some of the discoveries
will be provided to
the general population
where it says citizens
of this planet.
But not the really big ones.
And I think, and I
can't say this for sure,
but I think that's in part
because they've probably
signed agreements with the
military industrial complex,
NASA, whoever it is,
the bigger organization,
to keep some of the bigger
discoveries top secret
because it's got to go
through a filter first.
They just can't go
out there and say,
look, we found this
entire civilization, all
of this technology laying
around, look, everybody.
It's going to go through
a step-by-step process.
And then the powers
that be will then
decide who gets access to what,
who gets a chance to see what.
Overall, the private industries
will profit significantly
from this.
And I think that the
citizens of the world
will be spoon fed a
little bit at a time.
>> So why is it that the
government over the past few
years, especially under Obama,
for example they cut back
on NASA's manned endeavors
toward space for example,
what is the motivation
to cut back on NASA,
which does seem to have been a
tremendous initiative for a lot
of what we know as far as the
probes of space and whatnot
but also it seems that there
is sort of a deep cover element
within NASA as well.
There is the notorious
relationship with the Nazis
that were brought
over after the war.
So do you think NASA is
ultimately losing power
and they're transferring more of
a role to the private companies
or is NASA still a
prominent component
in the entire endeavor
to understand space?
>> Well, that's a
very good question.
Now, what's happening
is NASA is a front
for a much bigger program,
the SSP or the secret space
program.
And what NASA is planning
to do, basically,
is they're going to continue to
progress through private space
because through private
space, you can actually
cover a lot more things up.
When you're a public or
public access type of company
or a company run
by the government,
then people can put in
Freedom of Information Acts.
They can request information.
They can say, hey, where
are our dollars going here?
What's going on?
We need to see
what you're doing.
This is why NASA releases those
images from Mars and Venus
and Mercury and all
these other planets
we go to because they have to.
But if it was done by a
private space industry,
they wouldn't have
to release anything.
So through private
space, you can
keep things a lot more
secret because you bypass
the whole government objective
and you bypass the citizens
really.
So you can really get a lot more
things done behind the scenes
than you can by
staying in public.
>> Mm-hmm.
So what do you think is
the ultimate, let's say,
purpose or destiny of man
when it comes to space travel?
Do you think that
humans will ultimately
be going and colonizing Mars
in the coming millennia,
for example?
Or do you think
that ultimately it
will basically space
travel be secured
for a small elite group that
perhaps are even traveling
in space, in your opinion?
>> Well, I think that the
biggest objective overall
for space travel is to
secure the human race.
Unfortunately, it's
a very small list
of people that are
allowed to get access
to these breakaway
civilizations.
And I really do believe
that there probably
are multiple breakaway
civilizations right now
and expanding.
And I think that they're
looking for specific types
of genetic makeups, people were
different types of abilities,
whether it be
technology, whether it
be sciences, whether it
be even construction.
So I think that there's a
very small hand-picked group
of people that are going to
these breakaway civilizations
and starting these
infrastructures.
And I think that
overall in general,
the general population,
for the most,
might not even
never know about it
or maybe many
centuries down the road
will then eventually have free
access to go back and forth.
But I think initially, it's
going to be kept to the elites.
>> A prominent theory that's
circulating now is this Flat
Earth Theory.
And so according to
that one, I think
the argument is that
we've never actually left
the stratosphere, right?
We've never even
traveled in space.
And all of the images that
are sent back basically
are just doctored and concocted.
And do you think there's
anything valid in how this Flat
Earth idea?
>> There's nothing valid
in Flat Earth whatsoever.
I really empathize
with the people who
have fallen for the propaganda.
It's really a psyop, a
psychological operation
that was kind of put
forth by admittedly,
actually, by the CIA
several years back.
People kind of took
it and ran with it.
And what their whole premise
is that the Earth is flat
and that we're living in a dome.
And what we see up top is just
a projection or a computer
program or some type of a--
I don't know how they
correlate the sun to it all.
But basically and
there's an edge.
But unfortunately,
that's not the case.
The laws of physics
wouldn't even
work in this third
dimension with that.
It's really almost an insult
in the way to our ancestors.
Our ancestors knew.
They say NASA, NASA lies.
OK, forget NASA.
Let's look at the ancients.
Now, there's been
some circulation
of lies about the Annunaki
saying that the Earth was flat.
Total lies.
OK.
These are people, again,
who are propaganda,
paid propaganda agents
putting information out there.
The Annunaki never once in
any text any tablet anywhere
have ever said the
Earth was flat.
They talked about,
matter of fact,
when Alalu was being
sentenced to die on Mars,
the tablets talk about this
ship that Alalu and Anu were in,
orbiting Mars several
orbits before they actually
found the spot to land.
How do you orbit
something that's flat?
And this is even another planet.
They talk about, Anu talks
about encircling the planet
several times before finding the
perfect place when he decided
to pick Mesopotamia
as the official spot,
even though Alalu had landed
here many thousand years prior,
Anu took his own rounds.
And said, OK, this
is the place where
we're going to go
ahead and establish
the first major
civilization here.
So again, this is talking
about a spherical Earth.
And you go into the
Sumerian cylinder scroll
where you actually can
see that they depict
all the planets orbiting the
sun, they're all spheres,
and even their own
captured planet
is on this cylinder
scroll as well.
And so they depict
the Earth as round.
And then when you go into
some of the biblical text,
Enoch actually went on a
planned trip in a spaceship
with the Annunaki, when you
really digest it and really
break it down is what happened.
He even told his son, here,
these are their sacred records,
guard them, so forth and so on.
It was an appointed day
they were going to leave.
It wasn't like they just
showed up and took them.
And again, he described the
Earth in the book of Enoch
as a sphere.
OK.
So now, you can go
to the Dogon Tribe.
They don't not only describe
the Earth as a sphere,
they knew every planet in
our solar system, the color,
the shape, and the sizes
of all the planets, Neptune
and everything else, Uranus.
And they even knew
about a solar system
outside of our solar system,
where Sirius B and Sirius A.
Sirius B is actually a
star we just discovered in
like the late 1960s,
I believe, or '70s.
They knew about this
for thousands of years.
And it's part of their
history that they brought down
step-by-step.
And they actually talk about
this star being a failed star,
a start that ran out of fuel.
And the Nomo came
here from this star.
These were some
Annunaki-type fish people
that actually came here and
taught them some information.
But basically, so we
can keep going back.
The Zulu, the Zulu Nation
in Africa, they as well
knew of all the planets,
the shapes, the sizes.
So to say that the Earth is flat
and to say that NASA is a liar,
OK, you can say that NASA lied.
NASA has lied.
There's no doubt about that.
They've covered up
a lot of things.
But let's go to the ancient
texts and figure that out.
The ancients have all stated
that the Earth is a sphere.
When you look at
the Piri Reis map,
the Piri Reis map shows
the Earth as a sphere.
It shows Antarctica before
it even had ice on it.
And not only that,
if you actually
look at the Piri
Reis map from above,
you have to be positioned
directly over Giza, Egypt,
to make that exact layout
of the Piri Reis map.
So whoever started that map,
the official original first one,
was taken from space
looking down on on Giza.
>> Right.
And even looking at other
planets in our solar system.
I mean, the idea would
be that all those planets
have been doctored as far as the
Flat Earth Theory is concerned.
>> Right.
That's what they're saying.
>> But meanwhile, you're looking
at a lot of the anomalies that
have been found from
the NASA photos.
And talk about some
of the discoveries
you've seen on
different planets,
whether it be Mars,
Venus, even Pluto.
You're saying that
you found anomalies
with your anomaly
hunters, right?
>> Yes.
We found anomalies.
I'm part of the United
Family of Anomaly Hunters.
We've literally downloaded
over 1 million images now,
the whole group of
us, and we picked out
about 50,000 total anomalies.
The majority of them
are on Mars because we
have the most data from Mars.
These anomalies,
what is an anomaly?
An anomaly is an
out-of-place object,
something that shows geometry,
something that almost appears
to be like a biological
organism or something that's
out of place.
And how we do this,
we pull down raw data
directly from the European
Space Agency server, the NASA
servers, and the Indian
Space Agency servers,
and we actually pull them
down into our computers.
We magnify them.
We literally get out
magnifying glasses
and go inch-by-inch sometimes
millimeter-by-millimeter
looking at these images.
When we spot something, OK, we
see this rock outcropping here,
this particular object doesn't
match this outcropping.
We pull them in and we really
analyze them in detail.
We open them up in Photoshop.
We take a better
look and we take away
some of the haze, some
of the false fudging
that's been put over them.
And once we do that,
we see what's there.
If we vote on it and say,
OK, this is definitely
something that's there, then
we put it out on our site
and we say, look, here's another
anomaly that we discovered,
something that's out of place.
We can't specifically tell
you this is what it is,
but we can tell you that, look,
this is an out-of-place object
and it doesn't belong in here.
It's not something
that we believe
is naturally formed by nature.
>> And so what are some of the
things that appear to be as far
as?
>> A lot of structures.
We've seen structures
on Mercury.
People say, oh, Mercury,
you can't have any.
Mercury is now the
Mercury Messenger Mission
has revealed that
Mercury has 47% oxygen,
argon gases, hydrogen,
everything else.
You can literally
pop your helmet
off when you land on Mercury
and take a deep breath.
The temperature isn't molten
lead like everybody thought.
Only at the equator
it's extremely hot.
But towards the
poles, you actually
get a normalized temperature
because mercury takes 61 days
to spin on its own axis.
So most of the planet's
never in the direct sunlight.
We found structures there,
structure after structure
after structure.
And these structures, one of the
biggest ones that I discovered
made international news,
is this one building
that appears to be
almost a mile long.
And you can use a
measuring tool to tell
how big this structure is.
And it's backed up
to a canal or a lake.
And again, it's already
been revealed publicly
that there are billions of tons
of water and gases on Mercury
So it's not even
a secret anymore.
Venus as well, we've
discovered what
appear to be structures, massive
structures, which appear to be
intact, which is very bizarre.
Because if it's an ancient
society, why are these things?
On Earth, if something is here
and you go back and look at it
in 1,000 years, it looks pretty
destroyed or falling apart
or demolished.
But a lot of these structures
appear to be completely intact.
Mars, you can find destroyed
structures everywhere.
You can find remnants of ancient
civilizations and cities.
And a lot of what appear to
be different types of machines
directly on the surface
just laying there.
But the majority of Mars
has been washed over.
You can tell, you can see
where it had a global flood
and a lot of the stuff
has been destroyed.
And a lot of the moons that
orbit Saturn and Jupiter as
well have evidence of pyramids.
All of these, by the way, have
pyramids, pyramids on our moon,
pyramids on Mercury,
pyramids on Venus,
all the way across the
whole solar system.
>> So you almost indicate that,
as some people like Graham
Hancock has talked about, a
civilization that was global
across the Earth, Atlantean,
let's say the Atlantean
civilization, you're saying it
was actually across the whole
solar system.
>> Interplanetary, correct.
>> And this was basically
given to us by the Annunaki.
>> Annunaki, correct.
The same architect.
If you read the Emerald
Tablets, I'm sorry.
Yeah, if you read the Emerald
Tablet, that's correct.
A pharaoh himself who
wrote the Emerald Tablets,
it's his own handiwork.
In other words, he
didn't have a scribe
to write this tablet for him.
He wrote these tablets
himself he claims.
In there, he describes that
he built the Great Pyramid
at Giza.
He designed it almost as like
a gigantic stone computer.
And he hid a lot
of secrets inside
of the actual construction,
which he absolutely did.
Then much later on, it was
falsely attributed to Khufu.
But really, Thoth
himself claims to have
built the Great Pyramid.
And it's much, much older
than people can even
imagine as well as the Sphinx,
which he built as well.
And the face of the Sphinx
originally was his face.
But later on, his brother
who took over ancient Egypt
or the land of Khem
recarved the Sphinx's face
to his own kid, his own son.
>> But presumably, these
Annunaki that were here at one
point living amongst us, perhaps
even in some way altering
or creating us, at some point,
they apparently left, correct?
>> Yes, correct.
>> And what caused that
ultimate their flight?
And I would say what does
the landscape look like?
Is this planet now human
controlled in the sense
that the Annunaki are gone
so humans are in charge?
>> Well, yeah.
That would be really great
if we were really in charge.
Unfortunately, it's not.
There were two pyramid wars,
one from much further back
and then things settle
down, and then there
was a second pyramid war.
These wars were always over the
same thing, control of humans,
control of land, and
control of these tablets
of destiny, which
have changed hands
a couple of different times.
And these Tablets of
Destiny, they're technology,
they have the genetic
codes on them,
they have star maps in them.
All these things these tablets
in these Tablets of Destiny.
And it's claimed whoever has
them has control over the Earth
and over the galaxy
and so forth and so on.
But these wars
continue to persist.
And this last particular
one war was a nuclear war.
And you can tell because you can
read the descriptions of what's
in the ancient text
between the Mahabharata,
the Bhagavad Gita, and the
Sumerian Cylinder Scrolls that
literally describes
radiation sickness, radiation
poisoning, and the
way the blast actually
looks as a mushroom
cloud when they go off.
And they found
glass in the sand,
buildings have been
vitrified, and so forth.
So basically, what happened
was a lot of them left.
They just took off and
got the heck out of here.
Some stayed.
Some were actually
married already to humans
and could not leave
because they were already
banned from going back to their
home planet because of mating
with humans.
They stayed here.
But Amun-Ra, most
interestingly, who
was the main target of some
of this second pyramid war
to be killed and so
forth, he escaped.
But before he escaped,
he left the kingship
to Ra-Kam, which is
his offspring of.
And the word Kam translates
into the word shield.
So you look and
you say Ra shield.
So right here, you
can see where we have
a depiction of the Ra shield.
In ancient times, 6,000
years ago, already taking
control of the
finances in the kingdom
from Amun-Ra, who was
the brother of Thoth.
And you can see it persist
all the way to this day.
This is why you see a lot
of Egyptian-type themes
with the Queen of England
and so forth and so on
because the pharaohs eventually
migrated through Arabia then
into England and to
Europe, I would say,
and where they became kingdoms
and so forth and so on.
So and this has progressed all
the way into the Unites States
to this current day.
If you go from John Lackland,
who was the Plantagenet
bloodline who was
directly related
to the Arabian king
and the Sumerian kings,
his bloodline is also related
to every single President
of the United States of
America, including Obama.
There's only one president
that wasn't directly related,
that was Van Buren.
But Van Buren still
was related to royalty.
That particular year or
that particular election,
they didn't have a suitable
bloodline to take that spot.
But all from then through
right now, even Donald Trump
who's related directly by
blood to this bloodline,
it's amazing.
That's who's running this
planet to this very day.
There's still that
bloodline here
and then you have
the Germans as well.
And the Germans are actually
into this bloodline, involved
in blood, and entangled in it.
And a lot of the leaders
that are running,
they're making a lot of
the background decisions
are Germans, it's
Germanic in nature.
So there's almost
like another Reich
still controlling and running
this planet right now.
>> Mm-hmm.
And what would the intention be,
let's say, for these Annunaki
descendants in terms
of how they view humans
and what they ultimately
see as far as this planet
as far as its
resources and people?
What is the value of
maintaining a kingship here?
>> Well, unfortunately
for humans,
they see humans as cattle.
Humans are just another
means to their end.
It's not really about
the money for them
because they have all the
money that they can want,
the Rothschilds alone
are worth $700 trillion.
It's not about the money.
It comes down to control,
power, and utilizing humans
to make their gains.
What are their gains
they're looking for?
They're looking to
get off this planet.
They're looking for
breakaway civilizations.
So they literally
use humans as cattle
to generate and run
the planet, go to work,
generate revenue and
income that they can take
and they can put into different
programs, black budget
programs, $7 trillion
missing here, $8 trillion
missing there.
It's not missing.
They know exactly
where the money is.
They're using this
money to get off planet.
And they have been.
That's the same thing goes
for the "We Buy Gold",
which is a black budget,
behind-the-scenes program.
Gold is one of the
most needed things
in the universe when you're
talking about space travel.
Gold is malleable.
You can actually put
electricity in on one end
and get the same amount of
electricity on the other end
without losing anything
in the friction.
OK.
This is a very rare thing.
You can make it into
any shape or form.
You could take it down
to the atomic level
and actually make atomic
level microprocessors
with the gold, which you
would definitely need.
And it's also radiation proof
and it reflects sunlight
and radiation very well.
So this is something
you would need
in radiation hardened
computer boards and so forth.
This is why gold is so valuable.
And that was really what was
behind the entire "We Buy Gold"
project.
That whole program's all
about, in my opinion,
the secret space program.
And unknowingly, the
citizen says, oh, I
can turn my gold in
and get some money.
But it was a much, much
bigger project than that.
>> So as we deepen our
understanding of the universe
and you're looking oftentimes to
ancient text to help inform us,
now we come up to current times.
And the matrix theory
is a very prominent one.
Some say Silicon
Valley billionaires
are willing to spend a lot
of money actually trying
to prove that we live in
a computer simulation.
What is your take on
how viable that is
and if that fits into the
overall theory of what
the ancients have passed on
to us about this universe we
live in?
>> Very good question.
I mean, if you go into
the Emerald Tablets,
again, Thoth himself talks
about the holographic nature
of the universe.
And he talks about his ability
to transfer his consciousness
into other avatars.
So and you fast
forward into the future
and what these guys are
starting to really figure out,
these quantum physicists
and theoretical physicists
are really starting
to figure out.
One in particular
Sylvester James Gates,
he's actually a professor at
the University of Maryland.
He's the one who
brought kind of, really,
I guess you want to say,
streamline or focused
in on supersymmetry and
discovered that the actual
fabric of space time, the
actual ether itself runs off
of 0's and 1's.
And it's a specific type
of code called adinkras.
And these adinkras,
which actually go back
to the Dogon Tribe,
believe it or not,
in Africa, these
adinkras actually
tell physicists that the
universe itself, the ether
is running off the same
code as computer browsers.
So the same code that
regulates your computer browser
is the same code that regulates
the ether of space itself.
And now this has been
vetted, researched,
and peer-reviewed information.
And it's now gone widespread.
Because the reality
of it is or you
want to say the
unreality of it, it
appears that we are possibly
living in a simulated universe.
Now, what does this mean?
It doesn't take anything
away from people
who believe there's a God.
And the reason why is because it
proves that there is a creator.
I think one of
the biggest things
that this type of science
and quantum physics
is also proved that
somebody has created
this realm or some
people or entities,
we don't know exactly.
There is more than one.
But something has created this.
And what it shows is
that it appears that we
are living in a light matrix.
And what I mean by
that is everything
that appears to be material
objects within this realm
is actually made of light.
And people say, well, no, you
have quarks and you have this,
you have that.
Yeah, but everything is an
electromagnetic frequency.
And those frequencies
are all light.
That's what those are.
And just because
you can't see it
doesn't mean it is not light.
This is a light universe.
Everything is made of light.
My body, your body,
this table, everything.
And what it appears to be is
that there's actually maybe
potentially a two-dimensional
structure which is actually
broadcasting in this frequency,
which then consciousness takes
over and actually makes it
malleable into different things
that we call matter,
where separation really
doesn't exist.
Separation is
really an illusion.
It's almost as if
the Big Bang happened
and it came into and formed
itself into its own entities
to experience
itself subjectively.
So this is kind of
what it's saying.
But it even goes deeper
than that because it
could be that we're living
in nested realities.
So we could be in a
reality within a reality
because we ourselves are now
making games that look so real.
We have a program
called The Sims.
And now, I saw a
report the other day
where they're saying that
these Sims could potentially
be conscious within 100 years.
So if we're capable of making
a simulated universe that
has people in it
that are conscious
and it's almost like an
experiment for us to watch,
could we potentially be some
kid's science experiment
in an ancestor
universe above us?
And how deep does
this nesting go?
>> Wasn't that part of the
theory about the Annunaki
creating us is that maybe
we are their simulation?
>> Absolutely.
That's another part
of the whole thing.
It's very, very possible that
we are living in an Annunaki
simulated universe, that we're
just nothing more than a very
big experiment.
And it doesn't mean
that we're not real.
When people hear a
holographic universe,
they think, oh, it
means that we're fake.
No, you're real.
Your experiences are real.
Your kids are real.
Everything that happens is real.
OK.
>> Because your
consciousness is real.
>> Your consciousness, exactly,
the consciousness is the thing
that powers everything.
And if you've studied a
double slit experiment, people
who don't know about it,
where they took the photons
and shot them through
a little board,
well, that on the back
wall is where it produced
either particles or
when you observed it,
it produced a wave.
So is it a particle?
Is it a wave?
This is where the question is.
Consciousness is really
dictating what happens here.
And because we're inside
of the actual hologram,
we're actually self-immersed
inside on the inside of it
trying to look out, we'll never
see the edge of the universe.
We're on the inside looking out.
Somebody from the
outside looking in
can see everything from
another higher dimension.
From this dimension,
we appear to be
completely self-immersed in it.
So even when we touch
things, it's an illusion.
My hand touching this
table is an illusion.
All it is the
electromagnetic frequencies
in my fingers repelling the
inside of this table.
And if I can phase
shift the frequencies
of the atomic
structure of my hand,
I could pass my hand
right through this table.
So that begs the question,
are other entities
in other dimensions that
have the capability of phase
shifting their
atomic frequencies
and stepping into
the third dimension?
I think that's very possible.
>> Right.
And then, well, in terms of
the other dimensions that
are neighboring, for
example, would that
be indicated by dark matter and
dark energy, which obviously
is the most predominant forms
and forces in the universe?
>> Dark energy and dark matter
I think are part of this
sophisticated program because
it's almost the ether energy.
Everything that's
in this universe
appears to have been here from
the second that it formed,
whenever the switch was turned
on, which caused the Big Bang,
or whether we are
in membrane through,
where two membranes
banged together
and a white hold formed and sent
the energy into this dimension.
But I think the dark
matter and the dark energy,
which are light, by the way.
Some people think that
dark energy or dark matter
means darkness.
No, no, no.
Dark matter and dark
energy are actually
light, electromagnetic
waves that we're
calling dark because we
physically can't see it.
But we know it's there.
But anything that's
a frequency is light.
OK.
So these things, this energy is
moving throughout the universe
and powering it, literally,
like a energy source.
I'm not sure if it's
multi-dimensional.
But I know that if you had
a capability, in my opinion,
of capturing it and using
it as negative energy,
you might be able to open up
the wormhole or stable wormhole,
which might be what
they're working on at CERN.
>> I see.
And so ultimately, you're saying
we're living in a light matrix.
And that obviously goes back to
what the Masons and others have
talked about, which is this
whole quest for light, right?
>> Absolutely.
>> How do you think that
we could ultimately harness
and use light in terms of
either transforming the universe
around us or basically becoming
creators in our own right?
>> Well, I think that we
all are part co-creators
in the universe
through consciousness.
I don't think we're
totally creating reality.
We may collectively
be creating reality.
But I think that everybody
is creating their own reality
tunnel.
And I think that most
people don't realize this.
But the biggest thing, the
trick to this whole light matrix
is unity.
Once everybody comes together
and realizes that we're all
one, we're all connected
and consciousness
is able to basically almost
collapse only on itself
and come in as one
force, we may be
able to realize
truly what we're in
and how we can control
it to better ourselves
and humanity as a whole.
>> Mm-hmm.
We actually have
now questions coming
in from some of our viewers.
So Sarah from Texas asked a
really interesting question
about the dark side of the
moon that basically she's
seen hundreds of small
pyramids, according
to some of the photographs.
And one of the theories is
that John Lear has pointed out
the idea there's a soul machine,
essentially, or the pyramids
in some form suck in
all the energy that
tries to pass off this planet.
Do you think that this is what's
going on as far as is there
a matrix that's kind
of keeping souls here
to keep reincarnating to keep
living through an existence
and basically for a
set period of time?
>> That's a very
interesting concept.
I'm not 100% sure
of that theory.
I do know that the Clementine
Mission went and took pictures
of the backside of the moon.
I hate to call it the
dark side of the moon
because there is no
dark side of the moon.
That's another term that's kind
of thrown around that tricks
people into thinking that
one side is always dark
and one side's not.
The moon rotates
on its own axis.
It's in a tidal lock
orbit with the earth
so we only get to see one side.
But on that side of the
moon, the Clementine Mission
took a lot of
interesting photos.
And a lot of anomalies are
on that side of the moon.
There's a lot of what appear
to be craters with pyramids
inside the craters.
And I'm talking now dozens
and dozens and dozens of them.
Now, I'm not 100% sure if they
are attached to this thing
that the Annunaki
talk about, which
they talk about taking
the soul of a human being
and encapsulating it and
keeping it regenerating
on this planet as a slave.
I'm not sure if that connects
directly with those pyramids
or not.
I couldn't really say.
But I can tell you this.
I had a meeting with Major Ed
Dames in October of this year,
where he talked
about a black pyramid
on the back side of the
moon that actually is not
owned by us, that it's
actually functional.
But this black pyramid, black
meaning the color black,
actually there was a nuclear
experiment in the desert
somewhere in Mesopotamia or
somewhere in the Middle East.
And it was a failed.
But they didn't
bury it deep enough.
And he claimed that this black
pyramid disappeared from there,
reappeared over this
failed nuclear experiment,
and sucked up the radiation
and then disappeared from it
and went back to the
back side of the moon.
This is a claim
obviously that he's made.
But it's very interesting that
she says maybe it has something
with absorbing the souls.
Because Annunaki
do talk about that.
I just don't know if there's
a direct correlation with that
and the anomalies on the
backside of the moon.
>> Mm-hmm.
But the point is that we
are reincarnating here
for a certain period of time.
And is there any
purpose, in your mind,
towards what humans are meant
to achieve while they're
in this incarnation process?
>> I think there is
different levels.
And I think certain
people actually
have volunteered to come
here to help and assist
with mankind's ascension
to a higher dimension
because some have broke free
and realized what's going on
and have come back,
try to assist and aid.
I Call them Djedi's, D-J-E-D-I.
And then we have some people
here that are just reincarnating
over and over again
and don't really
realize what's going on.
And they're looking
for this assist
and looking for this help and
those people are coming to us
and coming to shows
like this and coming
to Gaia and other places and
seeking knowledge and truth,
trying to find ways to
really consciously transform
themselves.
And I think there's also
soulless avatars that
are part of the
actual matrix program,
in my personal opinion,
that are here to try
to keep everybody boxed in.
So I think it's a combination
of a lot of things going on
all at once.
>> Absolutely.
Fascinating interview.
Thank you so much for your time,
Billy, really appreciate it.
>> Thank you.
Appreciate it.
And there you have it, folks.
Fascinating insights
from Billy Carson.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here
today, but I really urge you
to check out his research
at Forbidden Knowledge on
Instagram, Facebook, Twitter,
and Tumblr.
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the buzzsaw's edge,
requires constant reassessment.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
And you are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]